ben martin has been broken for so long
remember Sunday while graphia
martyrs in the greater area of greater
people do not arrive Mauricio Branches and now
husband
seven young people
dani
I'm going to bed
dominated in the small area almost
small area on the right and filled the
ball will still hit the right post and
died at the bottom of the Bahia goal was
celebrate the collar supporter
palm was for the players of the
palm trees all for brazil in
because she understood that her husband was
alviverde cause the appearance shoots and
I already sang in Brazil and it still works
with guida champion of work
matter goes well with the navy to
buy above romarinho already had clue
free danilo will cross raised
forest maintenance
I'm going to campari
feel
on the goal of treating a priest
gave lincoln time the truth came back against
goose danilo was goose received and
raised his head and right leg and
paulinho sent to paulinho's head
who tested against the group is in the
cambuci who was in the church natal santa
and it 's cover
the Corinthian nation was revived to see me
I get excited about the fan party.
Corinthian soccer sent and paulo 60